7-Jan :  Praise that traveling does the holidays went well, even though there was an lil airplane mix up. Praise that no one got sick with sick people everywhere. Prayer for energy and more of the good good supernatural peace. Prayer for financial stress. 

14-Jan :  Praise work has been going well; wedding planning has been going well. Prayer that her fogginess would be vitamin deficiency and not anxiety; for grace and patience for coworkers; healing of sore body 

21-Jan :  Praise restful weekend; feeling supported in wedding planning . Prayer not loving job at the moment >> want to reframe and change the things she can; hard season of conversations and disagreements coming up; friend starting new anxiety medication 

8-Apr :  Praise  still have a job! Wedding is moving forward! Sweet moments with older sis! Starting to move into apt! Prayer help at work because a lot of what she is hearing on a daily basis is about people getting let go or she is on calls where everyone is disagreeing and boss wants her to be at her beck and call at every moment, which does not leave room for any autonomy

12-May :  Praise - had a nice virtual bachelorette party and to still have a job and have provision and praise for having Jesus. Prayer - anxiety was too much to handle on Sunday. Getting better and taking care of herself. Work has been overwhelming. Wedding planning stress. Anxiety related to moving. Best friend is getting married in a few weeks and prayers that it will continue as planned. Friend is expecting her first baby - prayers that her delivery would go well and everyone is healthy. 

26-May :  Prayer bc she is moving the last of everything this weekend to the new apartment. Prayer for motivation to get through the to-do list. Praise they found a place to get married! Prayer for navigating social distancing rules with family at wedding. Prayer that anxiety stays away! Prayer for boss who is going a little stir crazy in quarantine with young kids. Praise for best friends wedding! Praise for a good laugh over funny zoom communications during wedding! 

30-Jun :  Prayer For injured toe. Prayer for healing. Work is not fulfilling. Prayer for what to do next. Prayer for intentional time with Jesus. Praise For new roomie (husband!) Got to see parents and sister! 

14-Jul :  Praise that she’s not feeling dizzy as much anymore, but prayers for it still. Praise that she’s settling into new home and is starting to eat more home-cooked food. Praise working on things little bits at a time.Prayers getting better at handling her boss. Prayers for job search.

4-Aug :  Praise that work is going better & communication is better. Prayer for younger sister who is living with bfs family but will be moving to Sacramento soon. Praise that she found a good new living situation. Prayer for decision to not having a second wedding & figuring out logistics with cancelations. Prayer for intentional time with what’s left of WFH. Prayer for love towards family she disagrees with.

25-Aug :  Prayers.To not get overwhelmed with work as things ramp up. Little sister is moving for grad school. Protection for family living in NorCal with all the fires going around.Motivation and discipline to spend time in the Word.Praises. Feeling God’s provision in our lives. Blessed with our apartment and working from home. Able to finish a book club on race.

1-Sep :  Praise My little sister PT. Prayer Sleep/ rest. Bug bites. Bible time 

8-Sep :  Praise restful weekend at home; getting back into a groove. Prayer trying to get up earlier to set a rhythm for the day; direction in job/career; prayer for younger sister, who just started PT school and is feeling discouraged that she can’t get the full experience; prayer for relationshipeeper connection with older sister, Kiki *headache

27-Sep :  Praise for weekend with friends, kayaking & socializing. Praise for being able to simply enjoy & to rest hanging with Nathaniel. Prayer for Nathaniel’s work & to not burn out. Prayer for grace with co-workers who aren’t working as hard. Prayer for continued healing & health for friend moving to LA from Kentucky. Prayer for guidance with her current job; to stay or not

6-Oct :  Praise for incredible husband and his support to her and their home. Praise that her practical application from last week, to spend more time in prayer, has been powerful and fruitful. Prayer for continued guidance as to whether she should resign from her current job and pursue writing/creativity. Prayer for Gods provision if she chooses to do so and for protection as she is unable to join nathaniels health insurance at this present time. Prayer for great uncle in finland with progressive cancer. That he would be able to get the help and assistance he needs while his family close by is in mandated quarantine. 

10-Nov :  Praises - one of best friends got engaged over the weekend and another best friend and husband will be moving into a new house in the new year. Have been really disciplined with writing, and have been able to do a rough outline of a chapter everyday this month! Prayer for work colleague. Bosses are way past burnout. All shows are coming back at once, and each have 4-5 shows they’re running, in addition to other responsibilities. Prayers for rest for them in this super busy season.  Wisdom with holiday plans with COVID cases rising

17-Nov :  Praise - Writing projects are going well; Almost done with scriptPrayers – Thanksgiving. Everyone at work is worried about what Thanksgiving will do and potentially having productions shut down, if people aren’t safe over the holidays. Prayers for Thanksgiving plans with Annika’s family and meeting sis’ new boyfriend. Having a really hard time loving people in her heart. Prayers for peace and love in her heart. Continued prayer for colleagues that are burnt out

1-Dec :  Praise for novel November success, kitchen magic, and seeing friend & family over Thanksgiving. Prayer for rest for collegues. Prayers for Covid numbers to stay down & against another lockdown. Prayer for anxiety & for more rest.

