14-Jan :  Praise/prayer for job opportunity, which would be a huge increase of position. Prayer for discernment about talking the position. Praise for grandmas health getting better. Praise that she passed one of her classes last semester! 🎉 Prayer for her and Ben in anticipation of marriage. 

12-May :  praise for time away from work to move and unplan/replan wedding; praise for job offer and start date after getting back from honeymoon; prayer for grandpa in hospital and being able to make the small ceremony; praise for honeymoon! Prayer for transitions - graduating, moving, etc. 

16-Jun :  Praise for the ways we’ve settled in as a married couple. Praise for health of grandparents, prayer for continued health. Prayer for direction and clarity on how to operate in new job, especially in light of Covid-19. Prayer for grace with coworkers.

1-Jul :  Praise work role is starting to become more clear. Feeling productive! Grandparents are healthy. Marriage has been really fulfilling in a lot of areas in her heart- super thankful. Prayer that grandparents stay healthy. For parents (accountants) who have a big tax deadline July 15th. Safety for Oklahoma bridal shower.

14-Jul :  Prayer- having a hard time with lack of social interaction at new job. Upcoming trip to Oklahoma/safety from covid. Sinus infection symptoms lingering for 3 weeks now.Praises- being able to work from home.

4-Aug :  Praises Thankful for provision of work! Thankful for time with our family over the past month. Thankful for a supportive/loving B ❤️ Thankful for slight health improvements! Prayers Grandma’s sick again. Prayer for family as they grieve and prepare (given expected timeline this week). Prayer for personal peace and joy- feeling really down. Prayer for physical well being- feeling overwhelmed by amount of weird physical stuff going on with body (sinus infection, bike accident, pinched nerve in back, etc.). 

25-Aug :  Prayers. Dealing with weird health stuff. Sinus infection. Back and neck hurting really badly. Lots of little things; feels like an attack. Praises. For Grandma’s healing (up above). There was a rollercoaster of emotions, but she felt really supported and loved, especially by Ben. Good times of talking and healing and unity with family.New job is feeling better and not as draining.

8-Sep :  Praise for feeling better, health wise. Prayer that she can continue to get better. Continued praise for grandma's miraculous healing. 

27-Sep :  praises for provision of job/prayers to feel more useful at work & to develop relationships with coworkers, prayers for full recovery from sinus infection, prayers for grandmother, leukemia survivor, who has been hospitalized. Prayers for her health to stabilize

10-Nov :  Prayer for recovery from illness & for health. Prayer for ear pain, headaches, sinus infection & ovarian cyst. Prayer for mental health & to be uplifted in spirit. Prayer to go on walks.

