14-Jan :  Prayer God to have mercy on mother in law’s suffering and pain. Miraculous healing for mother in law. Hazel to have strength and perseverance as she’s bearing the burden of being the primary caregiver. Spirit to move through Ed to care for hazel and her family. Healing hardness of heart for Hazel’s siblings to care for mom. 

18-Feb :  Praise for getting through the rough season of mom passing, funeral logistics, etc. Huge weight lifted, & praise for pleasant first visit to cemetery. Pray for unity within family in this season. Praise for work going well & prayer for provision with good teamwork. 

8-Apr :  Praise this time has allowed him to have time for people in a way he hasn’t had before. God has been using this to challenge him and bless him . Slowness at work has allowed him to serve people, which has been a blessing. Prayers  burdened by not having a close relationship with his dad. Everyone is going through a lot, and it’s hard to see your friends go through that. Prayers for how to talk to them and love on them.

25-Apr :  Praise - time to be able to have rest at work; quarantine has given him the ability to remain connected with friends but not feel drained by social activities. Prayer - grace for himself in not doing more to help others

1-May :  Praise - introspection time and ability to identify shortcomings to work on. Prayer request - softening of heart for Hazel’s dad toward God, that he is protected from spiritual attack, and for opportunity to be able to speak openly and honestly about God and faith and to continue to build a space of openness and trust for Dad to feel open in sharing

12-May :  Praise - overcoming addiction; Hazel’s dad softening in speaking about spiritual things. Prayers - Hazel’s dad’s comfort and salvation as he struggles with coping with mom’s passing. Prayer that we can have a spiritual conversation without defensiveness. 

26-May :  Praise - praise for being able to take his mind off himself by taking care of someone else. Prayers - discernment and softening of his heart to apply wisdom well in love about Covid divisiveness 

9-Jun :  Praise for hearing my sister’s prayer for a less stressful job and work/life balance. Prayer for Spirit to console and counsel with personal anguish in these trying times.

16-Jun :  Praise - lockdown has offered a lot of time to self-examine and work on and being able to work on life. Prayer - being able to let God break down his defenses and allow God to make him feel adequate and valued. 

30-Jun :  Praise for tonight’s meeting; been struggling with some things the last few weeks that have been a cyclical process and tonight’s meeting has given him things to think through. Prayers to continue to work through the things he is working through. Also had a really rough discussion with his dad about politics, and need prayer for dad’s hard heart about these things and prayer for Ed that he would have the courage to continue to have these conversations with his family and that they would be Spirt-led. 

1-Jul :  Praise for God’s provision in this home. Being out in the yard and in the sun has given him a deeper appreciation for the agricultural references in the Bible. Thankful for the home to take care of and praise for the opportunity to share the joy of yard work with Jon. Prayers family members, as he has more difficult conversations with them, which is revealing underlying racism and hardness of heart. Prayers for softened hearts, especially his dad, and prayers for Ed as he continues to have these difficult conversations, that God would remove the hardness in his heart as he has these conversations. 

21-Jul :  Prayer for family dynamics & a softened heart towards them. Prayer for family financial situation to work out. Prayer for dads salvation & overall family health. Prayer for Hazel to be a guiding light at Kaiser.

4-Aug :  Praise this new season of life; conversations with dad have been received well. Prayers how to be a supportive husband and partner in a new season; preparation for this new season

25-Aug :  Praise God opening his eyes to see life through a different lens. Prayers Feeling helpless and the lesson God is teaching him through not being able to fix everything, but to sit in it. 

1-Sep :  Praise an amazing doctor’s appointment this week! Prayers being able to sit in the discomfort of not being able to change a situation, especially when you want to. 

8-Sep :  Praise time with Hazel’s dad and sharing camaraderie; praise that Hazel’s family has really become his family Prayer disunity he has caused with words and thoughts with other people; struggle more with other believers than non-believers. Prayer for a gentle heart. Hazel’s health and the little one. 

27-Sep :  Praise After a down few days, CG is such a delight. Grateful Hazel is past the dizziness and nausea. Thankful for healthy test results for the baby. Prayer Expecting a son has brought an awareness of rift with his father; prayer against having that kind of relationship with future son. Had a really tough conversation with a close friend going through a really difficult time in his marriage, to the point where he is almost ready to end the marriage; prayer that God would work in and through their difficulties and bring healing to their marriage; prayer that God would strengthen Edward to be a good support for his friend.

6-Oct :  Praise in a challenging season, and know that God is using it to mature him. Praise for being able to see a glimpse of how God is using challenges to grow him. Praise for an end to a long summer and looking forward to the fall. Prayers challenging season has brought on dark moods; a lot going on with disillusionment - prayer for protection from spiritual attack. Prayer that the help he has received (Scripture and previous therapy) would help him now during this season. Prayer for his friend experiencing marital difficulties. 

10-Nov :  Praise - this season with baby on the way. Grateful for the fall season being here. It has put him in a much better mood. Starting back on a routine after a season of falling out of it. Prayers - baby’s health. Prayers for ways to continue to invest in people we love while continuing to try to maintain safety and health. Prayers for being better at reaching out in friendships.

17-Nov :  Praise - wasn’t feeling well yesterday, but feeling fine today after resting a lot yesterday. Praise God for that! Entering into a really joyful time of the pregnancy. Prayers - safe trip, especially from getting sick

1-Dec :  Praise - provided with a new family in Hazel’s family and opportunities to invest in those friendships and relationships and during the holidays, that has been more special. It’s teaching him what kind of father and husband he wants to be. Prayers - really missing his own family; prayers for the same kind of investment in his own family as Hazel’s family. Prayers for ability to be able to see family again soon.  

