7-Jan :  Praise for refreshing Christmas break. Prayer to start off the new year with intention & disciplined habits. 

14-Jan :  Praise for a cool opportunity at work (going to the olympics!) and that the new year has brought a more positive environment at work. Prayer for discernment in spiritual direction. 

21-Jan :  Praise for relaxing long weekend. Prayer for patience with red light ticket situation & lost package. 

18-Feb :  Praise for conversations with coworkers about their faith. Praise for friend who came to church on Sunday who hadn’t been going in a few years. Prayer for wisdom and boldness in those conversations. 

27-Feb :  Please pray for our sister, Jenny, who was hospitalized yesterday. She was bouldering at the Culver City Rock Climbing Gym where she fell and landed badly, which caused some pretty bad pain in her lower back along the muscles on both sides of the spine and whiplash. Paramedics came in to stretcher her out into the ambulance. We are waiting on an update as of this morning, but her mom knows and was with her at the hospital. Prayers are needed and appreciated 💗

8-Apr :  - discipline to read Bible more often; prayer for being able to process with the Lord her previous relationship; praise for friends to talk to; praise for being busy with work; praise for having cat to foster

25-Apr :  Praise for Betty (the cat) being a lovely companion. Prayer to read bible more consistently. Prayer to stop comparing situations with others and with the past. Prayer for strength to ask for accountability to battle those thought patterns.

1-May :  Praise - haven’t felt absolutely awful recently and ability to see people around in the complex. Praise for upcoming company-wide 5 day weekend and potential opportunity to meet up with sister as she hikes the PCT! Prayer request - prayer for rest and putting aside quiet time; prayer for grace toward others

12-May :  Praise for refreshing weekend seeing sister at the PCT. Prayer for more discipline with quiet time. Prayer for encouragement during the monotony of quarantine. Praise for upcoming vacation.

16-Jun :  Praise - have been able to get out of town frequently and it’s been so refreshing. Got to hike 50 miles of PCT with sister and it was a really great time and strengthened their relationship. Prayers - it’s been so hard to consistently spend time in prayer and reading the Bible. Need discipline and conviction to stay rooted in the Word and spending quality time with Jesus

30-Jun :  Praises  Worked out 2 days in a row, and it feels really good! Cleaned off desk, opened Bible and read it! Have spent time reading in a book club, and it’s been really convicting! Prayers  Thinking through where she is putting her trust and prayer for, working through understanding the ways she can trust God more in every aspect of her life faith, family, friendships. Have lots of ambitious ideas to think through and pray through this and want to commit to doing them! Conversations with parents about racial tensions. 

1-Jul :  Praise/Prayer. In a moment of correction at work, Jenny was able to receive comments from her boss and take them seriously and include God in the process instead of shrugging it off. Prayer to continue to be on a lifelong journey of being an ally at work and with friends. Praise that an incident of being corrected at work was a very positive one. Prayers for continuing to invite God into the journey of learning and growing in the area of racial injustice. Praise for a vacation this week to Yosemite!!!!!! And may be able to visit sister in Tahoe. Prayer for a lot of people that her sister has been hiking with that have been injured and have had to leave the trail; prayer for provision in these injuries. Prayers for Savannah’s wisdom teeth surgery

14-Jul :  Prayer- WFH until January- hope and to keep motivated. Mom got knee surgery yesterday- for quick recovery and stellar  results. Praise- vacation Yosemite!!! Able to spend a ton of time with sister amid hiking adventure. Prayer for entering in dating -)

21-Jul :  Prayer applied and interviewed for RLA’s internship > that she would get it if God wants her to be in it. Praise to have change of scenery and work from a different location for a few weeks; for the ability to be steps away from nature for the coming weeks 

4-Aug :  Prayer for increased patience in season of waiting - work, quarantine, friends. Praise for the opportunity she had to travel & work remote for the last two weeks in NorCal. Prayer for wisdom & patience in dating. Praise/prayer for starting the Ministry Training Fellowship (the internship). 

25-Aug :  Praise really excited to be starting Ministry Fellowship Training (aka the Internship) and having a group to share accountability with. Taking a trip to Washington to pick up hiking friends after their hike is done. Prayer More courage in work situations Bruise under toenail is really painful. Prayers for healing. Prayers for sister and hiking friends, for health and wellbeing to complete their hike to Washington  

1-Sep :  prayer for anxiety, worry and guilt in asking for time off. Praise for MFT and reading book that’s grown excitement for God’s word. Praise for less pain in foot.

8-Sep :  Praise for upcoming trip to Washington to meet her sister at the end of the PCT. Praise for encouraging conversations with other believers. Prayer for boldness & courage standing up for what she believes. 

15-Sep :  Praise First MTF (not internship). Praise new discipleship group. Praise For solid Christian community. Prayer for sister’s safety in the last leg of her trail. Prayer for everyone on the PCT. 

10-Nov :  Prayer for peace and guidance in relationships. Prayer for safety for upcoming backpacking trip. Praise for MTF and the constant fellowship it brings. 

17-Nov :  prayers for navigating loneliness & to find new rhythms of connecting with people, praises for time spent with sister & closeness with her, prayers for dad’s health and continuing to monitor it well

1-Dec :  Praise good thanksgiving with family; praise for great camping trip to Catalina Island and being off the grid; company is doing well; discipleship group is great and has been a Godsend! Prayer had catalytic converter stolen from her RV >> prayer for peace and trust amid the situation; to have a loving heart and Christlike view with formerly close friend and navigating communication with them

