7-Jan :  Prayer for favor with potential tenants in her apartment. Prayer for her openness to the potential future expansion of Claris. Prayer for patience and teamwork in conversations with John leading up to marriage. Prayer for cousins marriage. 

14-Jan :  Praise sleeping arrangements for wedding. Expected conflict but good resolution with Jon! Bachelorette booked. Prayer work and the stresses that may come from it. 

21-Jan :  Praise for so many volunteer sign-ups for Claris Health. Praise that she could share her story on TV. Praise for provision with house and that someone booked her room! Prayer to finish their season of engagement strong. 

18-Feb :  Prayer for more prayer Praise provided for in every way possible Prayer how to steward her blessings well and see how to be used and give out if her abundance God would show her how to take her rest as needed and how to receive during this phase in her life and direct her time towards serving others. For freedom to be able to celebrate.

8-Apr :  Praises for massage therapist/chiropractor fixing her back. Prayer for good sleep. Sleeping better & feeling relieved. Prayer for relationship with Jon in this season, wedding & future dreams.

25-Apr :  Praises God providing so much female community; praise for the women’s prayer group she’s in and the encouragement and wisdom she’s gleaned; this season is teaching her to take up her cross; praise for Maggy and women’s group; praise for female friends who are inspiring and uplifting and point her to Jesus; praise for new supportive friends and existing community; praise for making physical room for Jon to move in! Prayer the lies that she feels about herself; consistency with morning time devo + prayer time; 

26-May :  Prayer for work load to let up this week, prayer to enjoy & he still throughout all of Saturday- wedding day. Praise for provision with literally everything from wedding to financial to support and family to now marriage. Prayer for a job for Jon. 

16-Jun :  Prayer for boundaries with work. Prayer to start day with the Word instead of beginning with work. Prayer for wisdom in conversations with boss about remote work and a raise. Praise for contentment in this season but prayer against indifference for growth.

30-Jun :  Prayer Feeling stressed about work situation. Longing to feel valued. Feeling overwhelmed with extra responsibilities. Prayer for favor for and understanding for what she needs to to a good job. Prayer for continued growth in new role as wife. PraiseFor marriage! 

1-Jul :  Praise and prayer for tough and honest conversation with boss. Prayer moving forward that there can be grace, patience and understanding between Jess and her boss. Prayer for continued sanctification in marriage (cheerleader and not coach for husband). Prayer for sleep and clarity of thought. 

14-Jul :  Praise - softening of boss’ heart. Feeling a lot better at work. Fine balance of sharing her feelings in a very respectful way at work. Prayer - continued peace at work. Continued softening of boss’ heart. Prayer to walk the tension of conviction and respect for coworkers. Chill out. Birthday bachelorette. 

21-Jul :  Praise and prayer for family health. Praise for renewed relationship with boss and loving coworkers. Praise for Jon’s job and growth in dependency on Lord during Jon’s job hunt. Prayer for heaviness on her heart from meeting people that are hurting so much during this season. Prayer against anxiousness & worry. 

4-Aug :  Praise  boss is in good mood. confidence in sharing convictions. 32nd year of life! Live with Becket Cook on homosexuality. Brian Ivie director agreed to do interview. Prayer continued loving conversations with boss and coworkers. Tenderness, patience and grace growing in boss! Year 32 will be a diligent and growing one. Prayer against comparison and looking for favor from man. Write a book! Birthday weekend with friends to work out well. 

1-Sep :  prayer against anxiety despite abundant provision. Prayer for raise but empathy for company. Prayer against entitlement and comparison. Prayer for reconciliation with friend.

8-Sep :  Praise good time with friends at bachelorette over the weekend Prayer rest - feeling tired all the time; feeling like she is giving Jon her burnout, and it’s a limited, short fuse. 

15-Sep :  Praise for a raise. Praise for seeing such a gentleness and mutual respect between her and her boss. Praise for marriage and working through conflict and sanctification. Praise for finding earring. prayer to keep working through marriage conflicts

27-Sep :  Prayer over house purchase and favor over it. Prayer contentment, accountability and trusting the Lord’s provision. Prayer for the Lord to continue paving a smooth road over new house purchase. Prayer for communication with really great husband. Prayer for Claris Gala and work.

6-Oct :  Prayer being more open hands with finances, specifically with tithing; that God would increase her faith and trust with what he wants to do with their money; continued peace in this escrow; seeing a new therapist starting this week (Friday) and that it would be helpful with her and Jon’s communication; for work and organizing the upcoming gala (Oct. 17) > unity and safety/health with the team 

10-Nov :  Prayer for roommate salvation & Jons parents. Prayer for my heart & to actively implement tools in marriage communication. Prayer to please the Lord & not others. Praise for provision in every way. 

1-Dec :  prayer for healing of her back. Praise that Jon’s parents saw a bit more of the Lord. Prayer for creativity and breathing room at work. Prayer to be more steadfast in the Lord instead of having it dictated by her boss. Prayer for communication in marriage.

