7-Jan :  Praise for lots of time off from work and a nice visit home after the Christmas business died down. Praise she could see her grandma. Prayer for how to communicate with her dad better. Praise for the job search. 

14-Jan :  Praise adjusting into new living situation; neighbor coming into town and visiting with him. Prayer parents; for Spencer — the boy, 11, she nannies for — and his parents as they navigate his anger 

21-Jan :  Praise good week with work and with friends! Prayer wisdom with financial planning. Lydia and her sister’s pregnancy and to know that Christ is good no matter what happens. Specifically for baby Asha and Christabel. 

18-Feb :  Prayer for relationship and situation with parents. Prayer that she can grow closer to them and resolve and tension or conflict between them. Prayer to take a step back in that relationship and feel guilty about doing so. Praise for a great day at work with the kids. Praise for friends in who feel like family. 

8-Apr :  Prayer for anxiety & losing sleep from the anxiousness of possibility getting sick. Prayer for forgiveness from the differences with parents & hurt feelings. 

25-Apr :  Praise being content in this time; praise that her anxiety about getting sick was taken away. Prayer that her contentment continues; prayer for her anxiety, especially during bedtime, when she begins to feel sick; to find rest in sleep; mom’s cousin is sick with pancreatic cancer >> for healing and comfort amid isolation

1-May :  Prayer- for grandma’s health . Praise- for financial provision 

12-May :  Prayer for health and sickness can improve this week. Continued prayer over work situation, for patience and hope in the midst of uncertainty. Prayer for encouragement while applying for new jobs. Praise for financial provision.  

26-May :  Praise that even though health hasn’t been the best, she hasn’t had to work which has enabled her to slowly get better! Prayer for feeling lonely and for mental health to improve. Praise for starting to have work responsibilities again!

9-Jun :  Praise Back at work! Prayer For patience with kids who’ve been stuck inside for months and are fighting all the time. Prayer for creative ways to get through the long day! Prayer to have the courage to have difficult conversations with parents.

16-Jun :  Prayer better communication with parents (specifically mom) 

30-Jun :  Prayer for physical pain from work. Prayer to not feel lonely. Praise For getting back into my work schedule. 

1-Jul :  Praise thankful for positive experience and feelings towards COVID season! Back to work- safe environment + thankful for financial provision throughout this whole thing. Job feels socially fulfilling. Prayer been a good week! In a great spot- thankful. 

14-Jul :  Praise - successes and social interactions at work. Huge blessing and lots of opportunity to learn at her work. Little surprises with old connections. Prayer - shackles to be broken and for a softening of her heart to give to the Lord. Practically to know how to be set free. 

21-Jul :  Praise For a new week. Prayer Prayer for Spencer, prayer that he has a change in heart, that my boss is receptive to a discussion of discipline. 

4-Aug :  Praise for a job interview yesterday. Prayer for wisdom in knowing whether to pick the job if she gets it. Prayer for current job where the kids are disobedient. Prayer for finding a roommate. Praise for Spanish courses starting September. 

25-Aug :  Praise For job interviews and feeling ready for big changes. For nice drive to Monterey last week. Prayer For favor in interviews. For patience with interview process, patience for staying at work, patience with kids, patience with God’s timing. Prayer for roommate situation.

1-Sep :  Prayer roommate needed to begin October 1, for patience with kids at work, for favor and patience with the interviewing process. 

8-Sep :  Praise have been feeling really grateful for friends in LA the past few weeks, and it’s God’s way of showing her He cares. Prayers find a new job and to find a roommate

15-Sep :  Praise God gave clarity to say no after a job interview. Praise Good day at work (finally)!

27-Sep :  Work has been very difficult with boss being stressed out and mean. The kid is being very disrespectful and exemplifying characteristics of an unpunished child. Prayer to be able to have peace and separate work emotions from daily life. Prayer for job search. Praise for clear communication about salary expectations and for the met support.

6-Oct :  Praise - praise for a new Roomate and rent provision. Prayer- to be friends and for an easy living situation. Prayer- for God to work in work family and help bring healing to parent/son relationship

10-Nov :  Prayer for new phone. Prayer for tension at work & with kids & employer. Prayer for comfort amidst this season & against holiday depression. 

18-Nov :  prayer for parents who were just diagnosed with COVID

17-Nov :  Praise for community group and for the church. Prayer for my mom getting tested for COVID. Prayer for difficulty at work

1-Dec :  Praise for my father coming home from the hospital. Prayer for continued recovery. Praise for good communication with mom. Wisdom for deciding about travel. Praise for friends. 

