14-Jan :  Praise great holiday season with family in Australia; things going well in relationship. Prayer future of CG; goals for this next; be intentional of every aspect of life 

21-Jan :  Praise thankful for family and solid community  Prayer more trust and surrender in the Lord during a tougher season 

18-Feb :  Praises work has been going well and is enjoyable; thankful for supportive family and friends, who are a true example of the body of Christ; it’s a fun and celebratory season for friends that she gets to be a part of! Prayer/praise that God would continue teaching her the beauty about him being her first love; for trust, peace and patience overall; that God would relieve any anxieties

8-Apr :  Praises for health & security for job. Prayer for things beginning to feel heavy of not having physical human interaction. Prayer for family & loving them well.

25-Apr :  Praise for job and God’s provision through it; relationship with Alex; what she’s learning in Ecclesiastes. Prayer be a good steward with having more time from May-Sept; brothers’ relationship with dad; favor over relationship

1-May :  praise for job; that family is healthy and doing well. Prayer comfort for family of coworker who died from Covid; discernment, peace and trust for future; that she would be diligent with the extra time she’s going to have every week

12-May :  Praise she still has a job. Prayer/praise for a smooth transition with new roommate moving in this weekend. Prayer for the next 3.5 months with Alex on the east coast. Prayer that they can both listen to God’s voice in their relationship. 

26-May :  Praise for things that have come up through more consistent counseling sessions and being able to process things with counselor. Continued prayer that God would continue to do work through these sessions. Praise for a job. Praise for Jon & Jess’ wedding this weekend. Prayer for wisdom and assurance that God would work in Natalie and Alex both individually and together

9-Jun :  Praises my job; good time with family; technology that allows for communication amid social distancing; my parents’ anniversary and brother graduating from college. Prayer that God would continue to work out things in me that he needs to and that need to be relinquished to his control and healing 

16-Jun :  Praise For job!!! That work has been consistent and enjoyable. Praise for therapy and learning new things about herself. Prayer Upcoming weekend family will be together. Prayer for peace and harmony in discussions. Prayer for continued good communication with boyfriend and for his protection while at sea. 

1-Jul :  Praise/Prayer for family time during Father’s Day. Moments of joy coupled with a lot of things about family that God needs to heal. Praise for job during this time. Praise for technology so that she and Alex have been able to stay in touch whole he is gone. Prayer for him as he goes back and forth across the Indian Ocean until the end of August. Continued prayers over conversations during this time. 

14-Jul :  Prayer- family stuff healing and health for immediate family. Brother dating- wisdom and intentionality. Relationship with Alex (5 more weeks until he’s home)- prayer protection/safety ⛵️. Continued prayer for good communication with Alex! Praise - camping trip in Sequoia (so good for her)! Family time over the weekend. Job- thankful to have it and that it’s going really well! 

21-Jul :  Praise for rejuvenating getaway weekend with her mom; praise that she’s been able to communicate with Alex while he’s away. Prayer for protection for Alex on the sea and continued good communication between them; for exploring new skills and possible career opportunities 

4-Aug :  Praise house-sitting was a very relaxing and rejuvenating experience for the past week and RFKC! Prayers Dad has bleeding in his eye (same eye that had the aneurism) that he is going to get checked out tomorrow. Healing after a difficult conversation with a friend Safety and perseverance for Alex

25-Aug :  Praise Job has restored full time hours! One year with Alex. Prayer Prayer for clarity over what she wants to do in her career long term. Prayer to be open to change. Prayer over family. Continued prayer for Alex who is at sea. And prayer over their relationship. 

8-Sep :  Praise for restored full-time work and pay; good family and productive weekend. Prayer/praise Alex is coming home; prayer; prayer for my dad and freedom for him

15-Sep :  Praise Alex is coming home! Time off on Monday. Prayer Safe travels for Alex whose flying home on Sunday. Prayer For youngest brother, Joel. Praying for feeling discouraged about finding a job. Continued prayer for your Dad. 

27-Sep :  Praises Alex is home; praise for job. Prayer for this upcoming weekend with family and meeting brother’s girlfriend; healing from cold 

6-Oct :  Praise for meeting Sam’s sweet girlfriend & continued prayer over their relationship. Praise for 19 vacation days before end of the year. Prayer for 2 week road trip to Montana & Texas meeting all of Alex’s family; that God would grow both of them in wisdom & discernment with relationship. Prayer for a job for Joel. Prayer for healing of strep throat.

17-Nov :  Praise - awesome trip to Zion that was really special and life-giving. Unknowingly made the trip on the 3rd anniversary of friend’s passing. Prayers - Thanksgiving safety for family. Dad has been having ongoing health issues, despite normally being very healthy. He has a few procedures coming up. Wisdom for brother and his relationship; daring for 4 months and not knowing whether or not they will be moving forward. Praise for relationship with Alex and prayers for ongoing conversations they’re having as a couple at this stage. 

1-Dec :  Praise for a great thanksgiving! Prayer prayer for a job for brother joel; prayer for brother, Sam, and this season of life; relationship with Alex  

