12-May :  praise for work going well; praise for new work schedule and only having to work every other week; praise for getting more responsibilities at work Prayer for the small wedding ceremony, and safety for relatives flying; prayer for no stress and only joy during this season Prayer for safety honeymoon 

16-Jun :  Praise for first 3 weeks of marriage being really good. Transition to living together has been super natural. Praise for work going well, but prayer for anxious thoughts as things keep changing. Prayer for dad who got laid off.

1-Jul :  Praise 1st day working on Sports side- thankful for these days to train before he’s on his own. Marriage has been great! Thankful for the investment we have made into our relationship since the beginning and the ease of transition in this new season. Prayer schedule is a little inconsistent for the next couple weeks (hours and sports/news). Pressure to perform because they are such highly viewed shows (Lakers, Dodgers,etc)- prayer for peace!!! Dad was laid off- prayer doe provision of work fast (to cover insurances for his parents) and work that is a good fit. 

14-Jul :  Prayer- work schedule (shifting all the time). Dad to find work amidst pandemic- the Lord to order his steps and put him where he needs to be. Praises- thankful to be healthy; marriage has been really great- thankful for quality time that has come with Covid. Thankful to have a job and full pay! Changes in work schedule have expanded his opportunities and experiences. 

4-Aug :  Praises New opportunities at work- going really well! Prayers Prayer thar work continues to go well- specifically with Sports (working on Lakers). Prayers for his dad as he starts the job hunt- wisdom on next steps. Prayers for Ashley’s grandma- Leukemia is back. 

25-Aug :  Prayers. Prayers for Dad who got laid off who’s near retirement. Prayers for a good job with good health insurance. Prayers for a direction there. Praises. In sports now! Work is going well. The amount of time able to spend with Ashley during COVID. Ashley’s grandma who had leukemia and had potentially resurfaced...she doesn’t have leukemia. She had no treatment for a month and it’s gone! Luke 526

27-Sep :  praises for experiencing growth while working in sports at work, prayers for transitioning out of sports and back into the news in November, prayers for experiencing growth and consistency in prayer life

