14-Jan :  Praise engagement shoot. Prayer work has been tough with year end finances. Wedding planning and getting last details down. Enjoy this engagement season. 

21-Jan :  Praise hired day-of coordinator . Prayer final stages of wedding planning; more surrender to the Lord 

8-Apr :  intention with walk with the lord and trust him more and accept his grace, growth in relationship with lord. safety 

25-Apr :  Praise God has been teaching her thankfulness; God’s abundant provision in this season; praise that transition into the apartment went well. Prayer to have joy and gratefulness in this season regardless of circumstance; give back to the Lord and show him honor during a season of favor; adjusting into their apartment and life together in new apt. 

12-May :  Praise for a nice mothers day weekend with family. Prayer for layoffs at work that won’t necessarily affect her, but are happening around her. Praise for the ability to work from home. Prayer that smell in apartment would go away. 

26-May :  Praise for being able to have a fun relaxing weekend with family over Memorial Day weekend. Prayer for the stress of uncertainties of work getting to her. With all the layoffs and hour cuts at work — it’s hard to not let it affect her. Prayer for peace and surrender of fear. Prayer to cut out time to spend with Jesus. 

16-Jun :  Praise for sister still having a job after most of her coworkers were laid off. Prayer for sadness from losing coworkers. Prayer for how to encourage old coworker who lost job and isn’t a believer. Praise for marriage going well.

1-Jul :  Praise that dad is healthy after contact with covid patient. Pray for dad & sisters continued health working in hospital. Prayer for discipline in preparing for this “marathon” that Covid may become.

14-Jul :  Praise that Boba was not the dog we wanted, but just the dog we needed. Prayer for continued growth in recognizing/reflecting on where she needs to break the bonds of sin and fully experience the freedom Christ gives. Prayer to spend time with the Lord and be open to what He’s trying to teach her.

21-Jul :  Praise Blessings! Family, the process of getting Boba, the apartment. Thankful for God’s provision! Prayer Prayer for guidance, prayers to be a steward of the gifts she’s been given. Prayer to be able to give back. 

4-Aug :  Prayer for uncle’s mental health & physical health. Prayer he remains safe & free from abusive wife, and for his salvation. Prayer for family to gracious with him as well. 

25-Aug :  Prayer for Dad’s health and recovery after surgery.

1-Sep :  Praise Weird smell in the apartment, dripping in AC, fixed quickly, it might be gone now! Work error was spread out and it’s over now!Prayer For dad that had surgery last week and recovers quickly 

27-Sep :  Prayer for discipline with devotions, prayer, finances/shopping, and health. Prayer to be able to prioritize relationship with the Lord and trust in the Lord’s provision and timing.

6-Oct :  Prayer for being more intentional with time in the word. Prayer for motivation to meditate and study God’s word. Praise - paid off student loans! Prayer- to trust in God’s plan 

10-Nov :  That she can trust in the Lord with decisions, provision, and that she can depend on Him and not our own means.For her Uncle to be drawn to Christ and that a relationship with Him is the only one that can truly fulfill his desire to be loved.

17-Nov :  prayers to trust in God’s timing and plan for next steps in life, praises for the work God is doing in her and Michael’s hearts regarding conflict with upstairs neighbors

1-Dec :  Praise for good (and tasty!) Thanksgiving with family and camping trip with Michael; finding more ways as a married couple that they can healthily compromise. Prayer repentance of trusting in the Lord with his timing and plans; to not spiral out of control with thoughts/worries and be reactionary/emotional >> instead trust the Lord with his timing; to spend more time in prayer and the word versus fretting 

