7-Jan :  Prayers tension in family to ease. Praise for chance to relax in LA after Christmas and rest. Prayers for grandma, Nana, can stay in good health. 

18-Feb :  Praise Haley was able to FaceTime her sister, Macey, who seems to be doing well and whose puppy has been such a gift for her well-being. Praise that her sister has a good living situation through mid-April; Haley got assigned to focus on new things at work, which she’s excited about! Prayers that her sister wouldn’t get lonely or get unhappy; that God would equip her for her new role at work, which will start in April

1-May :  Praise for the rest that quarantine has provided; she’s been able to do things that she wasn’t before; perspective on things has changed; health; thankful for her job; her housing situation. Prayer youngest sister, Macey, who just moved back to Dallas from Florida >> praise that she’s found a place; prayer that her sister transitions well into her new place and that her relationship with parents would be healed; for grandma’s health and well-being as Texas reopens economy; aunt, who has special needs, is living in a care facility in Georgia, which recently had its 1st case of Covid >> protection and safety for her

16-Jun :  Praises for having a job & co-workers that she loves. Prayer for more rest. Prayer for wisdom on how to be a better friend with reaching out or however that looks. Prayer for struggling relationship with dad.

30-Jun :  Prayer To pace herself at work. Prayer to focus on giving more than receiving. Praise Getting through hard season at work! Booked a trip home to see family/Nana, friends. 

21-Jul :  Praises & prayer for spiritual renewal & seeking His purpose for her life. Prayer for conversation with boss & praise for loving co-workers. Prayer for family health 

25-Aug :  Aunt (knew the Lord) passed away, funeral in Georgia this weekend. Everyone stay safe and healthy. Praise for seeing family in Texas and that she was cautious and everyone stayed safe and healthy. Thankful there were no tensions and it was all joy.

1-Sep :  Praise Getting to see family in Georgia, everyone traveled safely. Prayer Everyone stays safe and healthy. Growth from the sermon and wisdom of how to put it into action

15-Sep :  prayer for confidence at work. Praise that family is healthy. Praise for friends speaking truth into her life. Praise for fun virtual dance class. Continued prayer for family relationships.

27-Sep :  praises for car situation being resolved, praises for provision of job/prayers to manage stress better, prayers for safety and comfort for farmers market seniors, prayers to intentionally connect with God this week

10-Nov :  praises for being in a prayer group with Saz!, prayers for family’s protection from covid during Thanksgiving, praises for celebrating Ethel’s birthday, praises for stressful month at work ending

17-Nov :   prayers to trust in God’s timing and plan for next steps in life, prayers for family to stay safe while celebrating thanksgiving, prayers for continued energy with mask-wearing/social distancing/not gathering/avoiding non-essential travel

