7-Jan :  Pray that everything would go smoothly with her procedure tomorrow and that there would be no complications. Pray that Dr. Park would be assigned to her case, since he has so kindly and lovingly cared for her in the past. Praises that many of my mom's siblings and nephews, along with her mom were able to visit today, and she was alert enough to recognize them. Pray that she would continue to be alert and awake enough to enjoy the company of loved ones around her. Pray for wisdom and discernment in the days ahead, as I foresee some difficult conversations and decisions in the coming days and weeks. Praises that though my mom has intermittent pain, it passes quickly, and she is not currently experiencing any chronic pain. Pray that this would continue to be the case for my mom. She does not like to take the pain medication, since it is strong, and it induces sleep, and she already sleeps so much without it. Pray for my dad, as he is really struggling right now, but doesn't have the words to express what he is thinking and feeling, and he does not have faith to turn to as a shelter and stronghold. Pray that He would somehow place his hope, faith, and trust in Jesus during this time. Pray that we would all continue to cling to God during this really painful time.

18-Feb :  Prayer work has been very stressful >> prayer that it levels out to a reasonable pace soon; for her dad’s heart after her mom’s death and navigating conversations with him about where her mom is after death; That the Lord would get a hold of her dad’s heart Praise Edward has been wonderful; grateful her dad was about to see the support and love of community in the wake of her mom’s death; grateful for the prayers from friends + community 

8-Apr :  Praise Dad came over unexpectedly and spent some time with us last week! Prayer Dad's salvation, continued health, especially during this season, and comfort as he continues to deeply grieve my mom's passing.

25-Apr :  Praise - thankful for time at the poppy reserve and the ability to marvel at the beauty of God's creation. Prayer - Dad's salvation and comfort in loneliness; that quarantine time would be stewarded well.

1-May :  Praise - having time to indulge crafty passions and for Edward’s support in being understanding with that and with extra time spent with dad. Prayer request - faithfulness and diligence in carrying out family goals; faithfulness in stewarding time well

12-May :  Praise - love & support of friends during a tough weekend; time with family on Mother’s Day. Prayers - managing work stress and prayers for dad

26-May :  Praise - enjoyed a wonderful weekend and felt very loved. Prayers for a break in work schedule, as pace has been very hectic for a few weeks now and due to continue through August; prayer for dad’s salvation and comfort

9-Jun :  Praise for community as a constant support system, amidst things constantly changing in the world around us. Prayers for how to be God honoring and Christ-like in the way I engage with others on difficult topics; prayers for wisdom, discernment, and time management skills during a very busy time at work; prayers that my dad would find faith in Jesus to be what he has been searching for; prayers for a friend’s sister, Grace, who is currently battling cancer with limited treatment options and recently received the results of her last scan, which indicated spread/growth - prayers for healing, for peace in the face of the fear of this news, and for increased faith in God in the midst of it all. 

16-Jun :  Praise - weekly dinners with dad have resumed; good to see him again. Prayers - grace and patience in discussing difficult topics with friends and family; dad’s salvation 

30-Jun :  Praise for two years with such a great CG! Lighter week at work this week. Prayers Being intentional about how I am spending my time as it relates to home management; dad’s salvation

1-Jul :  Praise for Edward and his work around the home that shows such great care.Prayers Friend’s dad has cancer and has less than 3 weeks left to live; prayer for comfort for the family, for peace to blanket their home, and for God to feel present and near during this incredibly difficult time. 

4-Aug :  Praise God’s goodness and faithfulness. Prayers strength to sustain me through the tiredness and dizziness I’ve been feeling; two exams next week on Tuesday and Wednesday - pray I will pass!

25-Aug :  Praise lab tests came back with great results; passed both exams at work! Edward being so supportive and taking on the bulk of cooking and cleaning while I haven’t been feeling well. Prayer strength and sustenance while I haven’t been feeling the best lately. 

1-Sep :  Praise an amazing doctor’s appointment this week! Prayers health, continued prayers for energy throughout the day; thankful that headaches are more intermittent and dizziness is less intense. 

8-Sep :  Praise Monday off; grateful to be feeling a little better Prayers surrender stress and anxiety

27-Sep :  Praise positive test results for the baby! Prayer have been having a lot of issues with getting enough sleep; prayers for better sleep

6-Oct :  Praise productivity with purging around the house. Prayers better and continuous sleep; busy work schedule coming up beginning in November - prayers for ing able to manage, especially with compromised sleep; continued prayers for baby’s health

10-Nov :  Praise - It has been a really busy season at work, and have started to feel the discomforts of pregnancy, e.g., lower back pains. Edward has been so great with helping to make sure I have something to eat when I have back to back meetings, and he has been really great about giving me back massages anytime. Praise for such a supportive and kind husband. Prayer - baby’s health. We go in for an ultrasound on Friday, where they will take the baby’s measurements! Wisdom with managing work stress, especially in the next week before taking some time off from work, so that I can fully enjoy the time off. 

17-Nov :  Praise - a really great appt on Friday; praise for sis in law’s ultrasound. Prayers - prayer for bro and sis in law’s baby and faith; safety and health for upcoming trip

1-Dec :  Praise - great week off for Thanksgiving; really great ultrasound appt last week; refinance going well that will save us money. Prayers - for patience at work with coworkers. Prayers for relief, even if temporary or intermittent, from pregnancy symptoms.

