7-Jan :  Praise submitted second paper and it got sent out for reviews. Writing dissertation and resume. Lots of bonding with parents. Jess was loved and great time with parents. Prayer Job prospects and acceptance of paper. Friends salvation 

14-Jan :  Praise dissertation defense date soon to be. Relationship going well - both conflict and conflict resolution! Prayer positive reviews for submitted paper. Have fully polished resume by end of this month. 

21-Jan :  Praise clear actionable goals for graduation discussed with boss. Boss seems excited about the next stages with me. Praise that Jess and I have been able to come together on many wedding decisions. Prayer to have discernment over what type of job to get. Job prospects. 

18-Feb :  Praise for motivated season & getting into a good disciplined daily rhythm. Found a bug in my code so new results built on true code. Prayer for clarity in vocation & provision for a job that has good values.

8-Apr :  fear of giving testimony - jesus changed my life movement . discipline in job search . boldly look for a job that he loves

25-Apr :  Praise got his doctorate!! 🎉 >> weight has been lifted; grateful that so many people and community members showed up to see his presentation; thankful for Jess and her celebrating and loving him well; Jess’ place is starting to feel like home >> praise for more transition time and the fruit that has come from more time together ahead of wedding; praise that God has been providing prospects with the job hunt; praise for generous friends who will be housing him rent-free for the next month; shared testimony for the first time in a public place on social media! Prayer looking for a vocation at a place he can thrive and grow in; for his parents’ salvation 

1-May :  Praise- Jon and Jess got appointment for marriage license. Praise he has a new place to stay. Prayer for cousin in NY -she’s still healthy! Prayer for finding a job-Started a blog to write ideas and about projects. Website/resume. Prayer for this to help him with future job, prayer to continue to grow and learn. Prayer for the words to share the gospel with parents. 

26-May :  Praise for opening doors and Prayer for a door kept open with a new job. Praise for favor with boss at USC to want to continue to provide while looking for a job. Prayer for favor over wedding, no one getting sick, emotional and mental health as well. Praise that God stripped away all things I found security in & asked me to step onto his solid ground. Prayer to continue going before the Lord with security. 

16-Jun :  Praise that parents & family are healthy & safe after wedding travels. Prayer for further protection for them. Praise for renewed perspective in this season that God is providing no matter what happens with job hunt, but prayer for favor for interview on Thursday. Pray for salvation with parents. Prayers to be a better friend.

30-Jun :  Prayer Final interview coming up! Prayer to trust in the Lord with job. Prayer and praise for marriage! Prayer for keeping the Lord at the center of the marriage. Praise Traveled to SF to visit parents. Parents were happy to see them. Evidence of the Lord’s work of softening parent’s hearts. Job interviews going well. 

1-Jul :  Praise for social time with Phil, good friend & old lab mate & doing some labor work with Ed. Praise for post doc contract going through & being back on salary. Prayer for smooth transition into a new industry & truly being content in the Lord during this waiting period.

14-Jul :  Praise - for part-time offer from SoCal Gas! Praise for full-time interview with another company that I really like. Praise for a restful weekend of frisbee & badminton. Praise that I see more of how God provides Prayer - prayer for conversation with SoCal gas tomorrow morning & to make wise decisions with all these opportunities.

21-Jul :  Praise for accepting job with SoCal has. Praise for friends sticking neck out for him & getting another interview. Prayer for that interview, continue to learn & help around the house. Prayer for financial discipline with tithing & as him & Jess save for another house. Prayer for salvation for parents.

4-Aug :  Praise that thesis finally got accepted ON the due date; today. Praise for finally moving to next step with So Cal gas but now have to wait for 2 week background check. Praise to continue working as a post doc. Praise for instant acceptance for another paper he wrote. Prayer for developing healthy daily work habits & spiritual discipline. Praise for new cooking too.

1-Sep :  huge praise for finally starting So Cal Gas yesterday, picked up my company lab top, a super gracious and encouraging supervisor and amazing team. Prayer for continued diligence and work discipline.

8-Sep :  Praise 1st week of work last week was great! Supervisor is always looking for opportunities for him for full time work. Work is challenging and satisfying. Prayer unity to translate convictions into actions and a way forward; salvation for parents and friends. 

15-Sep :  prayer for direction for the future of skillset and work. Prayer for reaching out and  reconciliation with family... and a willing heart to do it.

27-Sep :  Praises for work going well & new full-time opportunities. Praise for seeing friends with newborn baby & seeing neapalmsitan community at Saz’s bday! Prayer for full-time jobs, stewarding our finances well and for favor over this next house. 

6-Oct :  Praise for jobs and the invasion of both positions > feels that be the capacity to contribute and do other things; feels like he’s thriving; Jess and Jon are in escrow! Finished the book of Genesis and the story of Jacob was encouraging to him > resonated with Jacob; Prayer continued consistency in reading the word; continued job hunt; connecting with parents, who are in the at-risk age group with covid; for parents’ salvation; prayer for favor with house that they’re in escrow with; stewardship with his and Jess’ finances 

10-Nov :  Prayer for job provision after December. Prayer for shoulder blade pain. Prayer for more outdoor activities. Prayer for salvation for roommate & parents.

1-Dec :  Prayer for health insurance decision. Praise for full-time job at SoCal Gas & loving team members. Praise for parents listening to prayers and watching Jess suffer well from back pain. Prayer for Jon’s parents salvation. Prayer for the Lord’s wisdom in stewarding finances.

