7-Jan :  Praises  Reality LA is now home and planning to move more towards LA. Prayer request Transition to RLA as he’s moving away from his mentors and stepping down from his men’s bible study! Wedding planning and empty commitments from people. 😕 Stress for Elissa would diminish as she’s going through a lot at work and wedding planning. Conscious decision to make prayer time during lunch, read the word, and spending time with the Lord. 

8-Apr :  Spiritual mentorship in van nuys

25-Apr :  Praise move into apartment went well and things feel homey; transition has been going well; praise for sunshine and small joys in each day  Prayer need internet soon

12-May :  Prayer that his prayer life can be more focused and disciplined on praying for others.

26-May :  Praise for community group and creating a space for people to join and be encouraged. Prayer to have the energy for the stressful work days as projects have been more difficult. Praise for improved sleep the last few weeks 

16-Jun :  Praise sister is having a baby girl! Praise for getting to celebrate Father’s Day with Elissa’s family here, prayer for sadness that he can’t see his family in person.

1-Jul : Praise for finishing fun luau patio to retreat. Prayer for endurance with job & needing energy & the mental capacity to press on. Prayer for help with the work overload. 

14-Jul :  Praise for boba being a new wonderful addition to the family and how much she’s grown to trust us. Prayer that with so many things that God has provided and so many even seemingly small prayers answered to be open to how God will lead us to pour over God’s Grace

21-Jul :  Praise Previously prayed for an improved prayer life, remembering to pray for people; now is remembering more! Prayer To get out of the apartment. More opportunities to be away from the home “office”. 

25-Aug :  Feeling burnt out at work.

1-Sep :  Praise Park day, outdoors time, fishing, being active, fresh air. PrayerWork needs energy, positive attitude and motivation, plate is getting a bit too full

27-Sep :  Better sleep and for patience with our noisy new upstairs neighbors — but also prayer for less noise from neighbors. Praise for support at work, two new employees. Prayer for energy in onboarding and training these new employees.

6-Oct :  Praise-Dad had successful checkup! Prayer for heart to continually be in regular rhythm. Praise- for new hires and for work becoming a more positive experience 

10-Nov :  Prayer for DJ (old coworker) and family’s salvation. Prayer for Emma Lindsley’s (friend from old CG) grandmother who was diagnosed with Covid and admitted to the hospital.

17-Nov :  praises for friend’s grandma recovering well from covid (answered prayer from last week😊), praises for meeting upstairs neighbors and having conversation about noise concerns/prayers for noise reduction, prayers for family in Indiana to feel connected over Christmas despite not gathering together

1-Dec :  Praise for a great thanksgiving and first family camping trip. Prayer for continued trust in the Lord and timing with bigger life decision 

