7-Jan :  Praises  almost done with game and easy work days. wedding photography is about to be booked and wedding planning is going well. Had a great time with Annika, mom, dad, grandma and family from Ecuador! Prayer request drained and running on empty and asking for strength. wedding planning and praying that it’ll be done soon. Dad’s health and high blood pressure 

14-Jan :  Praise save the dates done. Kaisa interview for graduate school went well! Game is going really well. Prayer finish strong with wedding planning and be done by end of January. Growing together in everything with Annika. 

26-May :  Praise for wedding venue! Praise for having counseling with pastors who are amazing! Prayer for wedding preparations to go smoothly and prayer for peace and anxiety free planning during these final weeks. Prayer for parents who are flying in and staying with Nathaniel and Annika until the wedding. 

30-Jun :  Prayer Work has been overwhelming. Prayer to process it all. Prayer to continue to keep God at the center of the marriage. Praise Married life! Work overload leading to possible leadership position. 

14-Jul :  Huge praise for getting to socially-distance hang out with friends the last couple weeks. Praise that he got clear direction at work and some relief as lots is going on. Prayers that he would learn better work/life balance.Prayers for a tech artist at work. Prayers for feeling cooped up inside all the time

4-Aug :  Praise that work is going really well & won’t go back to office until next year. Praise for inspiration for setting goals because of Anika. Prayer to figure out ways to separate work/life. Praise for marriage. Prayer for mom who is a teacher navigating the new school year during the pandemic - protection for her health. 

25-Aug :  Prayers.Healing for grandma’s hernia.Healing for dad who just had kidney stone blasted. Being more disciplined in the word and in chores. Praises Work is going good. Stretching him in different areas.No cancer found in Grandma’s hernia. Praise that Annika is liking her new computer setup.

1-Sep :  Praise Past weekend, enjoying people, the outdoors and exercise. Annika doing better at work at a proper desk. Work is going well, company still successful from game release. Prayer Dad recovering from kidney stone. Work/life balance is hard this week. Able to sacrifice more time for reading the Word

8-Sep :  Praise bad headache is gone! Prayer trying to get healthier daily rhythm with Annika > setting aside time to spend with the Lord, dedicated time for work and working out; health for parents, including his mom, who is teaching in the classroom;  praise that 2 friends are moving out to CA from KY this week (Thursday) > prayer for smooth transition for them and safe journeys 

6-Oct :  Praise that game got approved to ship after all the hard work that was put into it. Praise that life is starting to get back into balanace. Prayer for continued work / life balance. Prayer for general feeling of being overwhelmed and unaware of root cause. That God would help give him clarity on that. Prayer for family friend who was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. That God would heal her and/or help her decide which treatment is best to follow for her age (in her 60s)

10-Nov :  Praise - feeling more connected with family. Setting aside dedicated time to talk to them. Annika’s been doing really well with anxiety and creative projects. Prayers - grandpa’s in the hospital with COVID symptoms. It seems like things are looking better. He has gotten transfusions from people who had COVID, which seems to be working. His heart isn’t very strong at the moment. Prayers for his health and recovery. 

17-Nov :  Praise - answered prayer in progress with job stuff. This week has gone better. Lead animator position opened up at Skydance. Talked to art producer to seek advice. Received an email from Insomniac on the same day for a phone interview (tomorrow at 11 am with Animation Manager). Prayers - prayers for phone interview and wisdom with moving forward with this or pursuing the Lead position at Skydance. Grandpa was released from the hospital. Thankful for Annika and her writing. Wisdom in how to move forward with holiday plans; unsure of how to proceed with traveling over Christmas.  Continued prayers for Grandpa’s healing and for Nathaniel’s dad, especially, as he comes to grips with the fact that his parents won’t be around forever. 

1-Dec :  Praise for Covid-free Thanksgiving. Praise/prayer for new job interview that took quite a turn. Prayer for favor to get it. Praise for financial advisors to help manage future investments. Prayer for grandpa healing from pneumonia & grandma healing from arthritis and asthma. Praise for merging car insurances.

