14-Jan :  Prayer energy and work with Marvel Hellstrom. Prayer for sister’s birthday. Prayer for mom going into Mayo Clinic and healing from vasculitis. 

21-Jan :  Prayer for work; want better prayer life and time in the word >> increased desire 

18-Feb :  Praiseee for new form of medicine that helped Raquel! Praise for a good day for her today where she could get out of bed! Pray for season without a job in May & provision for all expenses to come- weddings, health insurance,  bachelorettes, showers, etc.

8-Apr :  - praise that I'm not being asked to go into work; praise that work at home has picked up pace; prayer for headaches; prayer for getting more exercise and being more disciplined with quiet times

12-May :  prayer for figuring out reason for feeling under the weather, praise for not having to go into work anytime soon

26-May :  Prayer for health as it’s not the best. Praise that tooth doesn’t hurt anymore. Prayer for provision of work, as current job is ending at the end of June. Prayer to not be anxious and to continue giving it to the Lord and trust in Him as he has provided jobs in the past. Prayer to remain calm and to be able to be wise in what steps to take and how to interview well in this COVID economy. Prayer for Jess and Jon’s wedding this wkend that everyone would be safe and that no one would catch or spread COVID. 

16-Jun :  Praise - being able to work from home and having low stress. May be going home soon when job ends. Prayers - have not been feeling good for a while, and it’s been really busy at work; prayer for health. Job ends next week; prayer for next job opportunity; direction about next steps in career - line producer or comedy writer. 

21-Jul :  Prayer for sister Raquel’s health and that she and her mom won’t get sick/Covid; for protection and energy for dad working in hospital; for upcoming gum graft procedure in August; that God would provide a job; for affordable and quality health insurance

8-Sep :  Praise that all of her surgeries went well. Prayer for the medications she’s taking & adjusting. Prayer for tiredness and that she can figure out the cause and best treatment. Prayer for sister, Raquel’s, health and their parents. Praise for her new job starting - WFH! 

27-Sep :  Prayer for health & depression. Prayer to seek the Lord & relationship with him regardless of emotional process. Prayer for Raquel’s health & to make it to the infusion tomorrow. Prayer against mom getting covid after potentially being exposed.

6-Oct :  Praise easy schedule at work. Prayers general motivation for life and being healthy; keeping up and maintaining good habits. Experiencing more depression during this time of quarantine. Praise that sister was feeling good today and prayer she would continue to do well. Prayer for mom who has a hosting and hospitable spirit, and as the holidays approach with gatherings looking very different this year, she has been upset about the upcoming holiday season. Prayer that she will have opportunities to get her holiday bug out. 

